so um well we have here is the Rube
Goldberg cracking egg machine thing so
right here we've got screw got screws
everywhere to hold up the machine cuz
they are really useful in holding up
machines a machine for holding up a
machine and then right here we got a
wheel and axle car thing that will then
roll down this inclined plane hit that
lever on this lever boobs
it will pull back this wedge and then up
here there's marbles the marbles will go
down after being released do this were
amazed more inclined planes then when it
comes down it'll land in this pulley
system which oh there's a there's a
little barrier thing right here holding
marble from going down and so then when
that barriers pulled up it will let the
marble continue rolling down they'll go
into the PVC inclined plane also then
once it comes down here there's Dowell
let's tie it off and all the temperature
or spring makes it really easy for the
marble knock off the down so then that
happens not me to set that off it's a
very it's like a hair-trigger kind of
thing this is our test subject that will
probably die
sit there and all I have to do is
release this car ha ha we got got our
egg so yeah I do you got the show get a
pan
you